Update passport.blade.md (#71)
stancl/tenancy-docs: source/docs/v3/integrations/passport.blade.md

![Passport for both central & tenant app](/assets/images/passport_universal.png)

And make sure you enable the *Universal Routes* feature.

> Also change the value of `storage.database.connection` to `null` in the file `config/passport.php` to force Passport to use the default connection. This way, it will work in both Central and client applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also change the value of `storage.database.connection` to `null` in the file `config/passport.php` to force Passport to use the default database connection. That way, Passport will work in both central and tenant parts of the application.
```
